the answer to the question how the fight is played
song ceiling ddt group
Here's a fight that is up and down
click
and then down down 3 that is
and top over try yourself there
I will not draw the scheme again
here is the first part that is up-down
right click and then down
up-down and a-ta-ta overhead light
four chords played fast
d to our
is it already possible here for those who are
guys can play well be played like this
try slowly
but
once again slowly the whole fight
again
here will be and how to sing but I will not
sing the whole song I will sing there a piece with
the first verse is some part of 2
and at the first to understand the date was
the question is how to lay out the photo
so a little bit gone
you cut down the box
yes the lamp has burned down
maybe
not a single line
few
and my either
goes home.
but
it said nothing to the brakes and
came up with panties which
they
in general, something like this to us again
someone has joined something is not clear here
here please to us our school video
where we are consistently lesson by lesson with
zero
learning to play guitar bye